feat!: internationalization support for @transferwise/components (#674)
transferwise/neptune-web: packages/components/CONTRIBUTING.md

Historically we've used Enzyme so most of tests built using it's API but we encourage you to use react-testing-library when creating a new component
also, feel free to update tests of existing components (e.g when you do some changes) and flag about this during code review.

# Internationalisation

This package has support for internationalisation, and all messages inside components should be translated if they are not required to be provided by the consumer.

Define messages using the [`defineMessages`](https://formatjs.io/docs/react-intl/api/#definemessagesdefinemessage) function in a file named `[ComponentName].message.js` next to the component file. You can then import and use them in the component.

Once you have defined the messages and agreed on copy, they must be sent to the translations vendor (Crowdin). To do this:
 

> 1. Run `yarn build` (it will regenerate a main source file (`en.json`) out of all `*.message.js` files)

Reviewer: Is there any way to avoid this? E.g., make Crowdin understand the `js` files somehow (unlikely) or utilise multiple JSON paths, like @karanjthakkar did?

2. Push changes (or only `en.json`) to your remote branch (this will make Crowdin notice new messages)
3. Right after that Crowdin will create a PR (where the base branch is your feature branch) with placeholders (English messages) in other translation files. It will commit into same PR (or a new PR in case you have merged the first one) with translated messages, as soon as translators translate them.

> If you merge your feature PR without all the translations (which is okay-ish), Crowdin should do the same, just on the `main` branch.

Reviewer: Love the docs.

Historically we've used Enzyme so most of tests built using it's API but we encourage you to use react-testing-library when creating a new component
also, feel free to update tests of existing components (e.g when you do some changes) and flag about this during code review.

> # Internationalization
> 
> This package has support for i18n and all message inside components should be translated.
> 
> Define messages via [`defineMessages`](https://formatjs.io/docs/react-intl/api/#definemessagesdefinemessage) function
> in `[ComponentName].message.js` file next to component file and import them use in the component file.
> 
> Later once you define all message(s) and agreed on copies, send them to translations vendor (Crowdin):
>  
> 1. Run `yarn build` (it will regenerate main source file (`en.json`) out of all `*.message.js` files)
> 2. Push changes (or only `en.json`) to your remote branch (this will make Crowdin notice new messages)
> 3. Right after that Crowdin will create a PR (where base branch will be your feature branch) with placeholders (English messages) in other translation files
> and will commit into same PR (or new PR in case you merged the first one) with translated messages as soon as translators translate them.
> 
> If you merge your feature PR still not having all translations (which is okay-ish), Crowdin should do same just for `main` branch.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Internationalisation

This package has support for internationalisation, and all messages inside components should be translated if they are not required to be provided by the consumer.

Define messages using the [`defineMessages`](https://formatjs.io/docs/react-intl/api/#definemessagesdefinemessage) function in a file named `[ComponentName].message.js` next to the component file. You can then import and use them in the component.

Once you have defined the messages and agreed on copy, they must be sent to the translations vendor (Crowdin). To do this:
 
1. Run `yarn build` (it will regenerate a main source file (`en.json`) out of all `*.message.js` files)
2. Push changes (or only `en.json`) to your remote branch (this will make Crowdin notice new messages)
3. Right after that Crowdin will create a PR (where the base branch is your feature branch) with placeholders (English messages) in other translation files. It will commit into same PR (or a new PR in case you have merged the first one) with translated messages, as soon as translators translate them.

If you merge your feature PR without all the translations (which is okay-ish), Crowdin should do the same, just on the `main` branch.

```

Reviewer 2: Terrible diff.. it's just a few tweaks here and there. Nice docs!
